org/apache/cordova/PermissionHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.PermissionHelper
org/apache/cordova/CordovaWebViewImpl.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$1
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$2
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$3
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$EngineClient
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$EngineClient$1
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$EngineClient$1$1
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewImpl$WrapperView
org/apache/cordova/CordovaResourceApi.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaResourceApi
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaResourceApi$OpenForReadResult
org/apache/cordova/CordovaPreferences.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaPreferences
org/apache/cordova/engine/SystemExposedJsApi.java
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemExposedJsApi
org/apache/cordova/CallbackMap.java
 org.apache.cordova.CallbackMap
org/apache/cordova/CordovaWebViewEngine.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewEngine
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewEngine$Client
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewEngine$EngineView
org/apache/cordova/CordovaDialogsHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$1
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$2
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$3
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$4
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$5
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$6
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$7
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$8
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$9
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaDialogsHelper$Result
org/apache/cordova/CordovaArgs.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaArgs
org/apache/cordova/CordovaInterface.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaInterface
org/apache/cordova/CoreAndroid.java
 org.apache.cordova.CoreAndroid
 org.apache.cordova.CoreAndroid$1
 org.apache.cordova.CoreAndroid$2
 org.apache.cordova.CoreAndroid$3
 org.apache.cordova.CoreAndroid$4
 org.apache.cordova.CoreAndroid$5
org/apache/cordova/engine/SystemWebViewEngine.java
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebViewEngine
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebViewEngine$1
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebViewEngine$2
org/apache/cordova/BuildConfig.java
 org.apache.cordova.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/CordovaBridge.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaBridge
org/apache/cordova/PluginResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.PluginResult
 org.apache.cordova.PluginResult$Status
org/apache/cordova/ResumeCallback.java
 org.apache.cordova.ResumeCallback
org/apache/cordova/BuildHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.BuildHelper
org/apache/cordova/engine/SystemWebView.java
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebView
org/apache/cordova/Config.java
 org.apache.cordova.Config
org/apache/cordova/ExposedJsApi.java
 org.apache.cordova.ExposedJsApi
org/apache/cordova/engine/SystemWebChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebChromeClient
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebChromeClient$1
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebChromeClient$2
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebChromeClient$3
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebChromeClient$4
org/apache/cordova/LOG.java
 org.apache.cordova.LOG
org/apache/cordova/ConfigXmlParser.java
 org.apache.cordova.ConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/engine/SystemCookieManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemCookieManager
org/apache/cordova/engine/SystemWebViewClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.engine.SystemWebViewClient
org/apache/cordova/CordovaInterfaceImpl.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaInterfaceImpl
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaInterfaceImpl$ActivityResultHolder
org/apache/cordova/PluginManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.PluginManager
org/apache/cordova/CordovaPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaPlugin
org/apache/cordova/CordovaActivity.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaActivity
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaActivity$1
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaActivity$2
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaActivity$3
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaActivity$4
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaActivity$4$1
org/apache/cordova/CordovaClientCertRequest.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaClientCertRequest
org/apache/cordova/Whitelist.java
 org.apache.cordova.Whitelist
 org.apache.cordova.Whitelist$URLPattern
org/apache/cordova/PluginEntry.java
 org.apache.cordova.PluginEntry
org/apache/cordova/ICordovaClientCertRequest.java
 org.apache.cordova.ICordovaClientCertRequest
org/apache/cordova/NativeToJsMessageQueue.java
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$BridgeMode
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$EvalBridgeMode
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$EvalBridgeMode$1
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$JsMessage
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$LoadUrlBridgeMode
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$LoadUrlBridgeMode$1
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$NoOpBridgeMode
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$OnlineEventsBridgeMode
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$OnlineEventsBridgeMode$1
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$OnlineEventsBridgeMode$2
 org.apache.cordova.NativeToJsMessageQueue$OnlineEventsBridgeMode$OnlineEventsBridgeModeDelegate
org/apache/cordova/CordovaHttpAuthHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaHttpAuthHandler
org/apache/cordova/CordovaWebView.java
 org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebView
org/apache/cordova/ICordovaCookieManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.ICordovaCookieManager
org/apache/cordova/ICordovaHttpAuthHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.ICordovaHttpAuthHandler
org/apache/cordova/CallbackContext.java
 org.apache.cordova.CallbackContext
org/apache/cordova/AuthenticationToken.java
 org.apache.cordova.AuthenticationToken
